DAN: After the Gundalians hijacked Bakugan Interspace
and forced us out, things took a turn for the worse
in the battle for Neathia.
We decided to join Fabia as she returned home so we
could help with the fight.
Once we got there, we were made members of the Castle Knights.
Now Earth and Neathia were united in the struggle
to keep Barodius from stealing the Sacred Orb.
Lucky for us, we have the most powerful Bakugan, Dragonoid
Colossus, on our side.
Now Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
[THEME - CREIGHTON DAN AND DANIEL LEBLANC,
\"THIS IS BAKUGAN\"]
THEME SONG: What are you going to do?
The odds stacked against you.
Back against the wall.
Got to give it your all.
This is the final stand.
The power's in your hand.
Two worlds collide on the inside.
You've got to fight for what's right
before it's gone, gone, gone.
This is Bakugan!
[music playing]
Next time we see each other, remember what
I said about showing weakness.
Because I won't be showing you any.
I've had it!
We have to go after Jake right now.
Gundalia or bust!
Yes, I think that's our only option.
So any idea how to get there?
I can lead us.
I know where it is.
Then we leave immediately.
I can't allow it.
Trying to infiltrate Gundalia on your own is far too dangerous.
We can't afford to lose you.
But Serena.
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in Genesis.
Urgh!
I hate this!
Come on Dan.
Come on nothing Marucho!
I know it's dangerous but saving Jake is worth it.
I know you're frustrated.
And angry.
[sigh]
Aranaut.
I haven't heard from Linus in a while.
Can you please go check on him and make
sure he doesn't need any help?
Of course Princess.
I'll be right back.
I've been in your shoes before,
feeling helpless and wanting to take on the Gundalians
by myself.
Like that time when I went to retrieve Aranaut.
I'm sorry Fabia.
It's too dangerous.
I forbid you from making this rescue attempt.
I don't care what you say Serena!
Nothing is going to stop me.
Get back here now!
Fabia!
FABIA (VOICEOVER): I ignored my sister's orders and went ahead.
Even though I was fueled by anger,
Kazarina nearly defeated me.
I barely made it out of there.
When I returned, Serena opened my eyes.
My selfish actions not only put myself in danger
but also the rest of Neathia.
Had I been captured, our defenses would
have been seriously weakened.
Serena is right to be concerned.
Losing the Brawlers could cripple any chance
we have of defeating the Gundalians.
Maybe.
That still means we're abandoning Jake.
When I moved to Bayview, Jake was the first person
to be friendly to me.
Heads up!
Nice hands dude.
Oh!
Hey, you're the new dude that just transferred in right?
Yeah, I heard about you.
It's Stan right? Or Pan.
Hah, dude.
It's Dan, Dan Kuso.
Right!
Dan.
My name's Jake, Jake Vallory.
Big up!
Yeah, back at you pal.
Jake!
Tickity tock.
Let's go!
Sorry!
Aw, snap!
[jake laughs]
Throw much buddy?
[dan laughs]
Guess throwing a football is different than throwing
a Bakugan. - Huh?
Bakugan?
Are you a battler dude?
Yeah.
Wicked!
Can you teach me man? Can ya?
Can ya?
Come on Dan the man.
Teach me! - Take it easy!
You're going to give me whiplash.
I was his mentor, and he trusted
me completely like a brother.
Ah!
I can't just leave them behind like that.
I won't do it!
Calm down Dan.
Jake's our brother too.
If we put our heads together, we can figure something out.
(SHAKILY) Oh yeah.
OK.
What I think we should do is--
Anyone else have any ideas?
Well, when I went after Aranaut,
I snuck in disguised as a Gundalian guard.
I don't think that trick will work with a group this big.
The most obvious way would be to transport ourselves directly
from Neathia to Gundalia.
Not if Queen Serena has forbidden us to go.
He's right.
They'll never let us anywhere near the transporter room.
I suppose we could try to stow away on a Gundalian ship.
But we still need to figure out how to get aboard.
Could we use our BakuMeters to--
MYSTERIOUS VOICE: Drago.
Huh?
Did you say something?
What?
You just said my name.
No I didn't.
Sorry.
I could have sworn I heard my name.
I understand you have some video
that you're anxious to show me.
Yes, your highness.
Please have a look.
[gasp]
Our surveillance cameras captured
these images when Dragonoid Colossus
flew out of the Sacred Shrine.
Oh my.
Dragonoid Colossus has chosen Dan and Drago.
LINUS: OK guys.
It's finally ready.
Time to eat.
ALL: Huh?
You guys will never come up with a brilliant plan
on an empty stomach.
Wow.
Did you make that?
It's no big deal, just something
my mother used to make for us.
Looks great!
Sweet dude!
Yeah!
MYSTERIOUS VOICE: Drago!
There it is again!
You're a man of many talents Linus.
Smells amazing man!
Am I going crazy here?
Why do I keep hearing voices?
MYSTERIOUS VOICE: Drago, don't be afraid.
Come to me!
What?
MYSTERIOUS VOICE: Drago!
Better get me a shovel.
[laughs]
Dan!
Drago!
What the heck just happened?
They both disappeared yo!
[groaning]
What?
Shun!
Marucho!
[eerie music]
Where the heck are we?
And what happened to everyone else?
Something weird is going on.
I was hearing voices.
MYSTERIOUS VOICE: You are in between dimensions.
Whoa!
[roar]
Who's that?
Whoa!
It's the voice I was hearing.
[roaring]
Did you see that?
I think so.
I am Dragonoid Colossus.
Dragonoid Colossus?
NURZAK: That is correct.
And he is also the guardian of the Sacred Orb.
Hey!
I know you.
You're from Gundalia.
I'm Nurzak.
I'm Mason.
Remember us?
What are you doing here?
Should you not be more worried about why
it is you're here Dan Kuso?
Hold on a sec.
All I care about is how we get out of this place.
NURZAK: When you're caught between dimensions,
there is usually no hope of escape.
But you have one chance.
What is it?
Tell me!
Do you want to leave this place?
Of course we do.
Then you must fight me!
[roar]
Careful Dan!
Well hang on.
What does fighting us have to do with protecting the Sacred Orb?
Yours is not to question the challenge.
I have told you what is required to escape from here.
Do you accept the gauntlet that's been thrown down?
or do you choose to rot for eternity?
Rotting for eternity doesn't sound very fun to me.
I was just thinking the same thing.
We accept!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
[roaring]
We got to fight our way out of here, Drago!
We have to find Dan and Drago, Aranaut!
[upbeat music]
Let's do this, buddy!
Ability activate!
Lumino Fernum!
Let us see if you are worthy.
Drago!
[groaning]
Oh no!
You realize you're being tested?
The Sacred Orb is the origin of all Bakugan.
According to the ancient text, since the beginning
Dragonoid Colossus has been tasked with protecting the Orb.
It was also said that the only two capable of defeating him
were the dragons of fire and darkness.
Dragonoid and Dharaknoid.
If Drago loses here, then your fate
will be sealed and never again will
you have the chance to face Dragonoid Colossus.
Instead, he will give Dharak the same opportunity to battle.
And of course if he loses to Dharak,
then the Sacred Orb and all of its powers
will fall into the hands of Emperor Barodius.
Ability activate!
Hyper Reflector!
This is the most important test of your lives.
Don't forget that Brawlers.
Prove to Dragonoid Colossus that you
are a worthy successor to protect the Sacred Orb
and keep it safe from Barodius.
Hah!
Is this really the best that the Earth has to offer?
How embarrassing.
Hey buddy, I think this dude is going to be a handful.
That's putting it mildly.
So let's show him we can be a handful too, huh?
Sounds like a plan.
Let's kick it Drago!
Bakugan brawl!
Bakugan stand!
DRAGONOID COLOSSUS: Standing in midair!
Impressive.
SERENA: You're telling me that they
just disappeared into thin air?
Yes.
It's true.
We all saw it happen right in front of us.
Yeah.
It was right after his BakuMeter lit up like a Christmas tree.
What!
Why didn't you tell me that before?
The timing coincides with the activity
we witnessed from the Sacred Orb earlier Queen Serena.
Is it possible these things are connected?
SERENA (VOICEOVER): I wonder if their disappearance
was the will of the Sacred Orb.
Drago Battle Gear!
Let's do it.
Ready Explosix.
Battle Gear boost!
[roaring]
Battle Gear ability activate!
Explosix Neo!
Engage!
Not even a scratch?
Let's try again, but this time from point-blank range.
Do you really expect me to sit and wait for your next attack?
You fool.
Let's speed things up a bit.
Ready Jakalier.
Mobile Assault launch!
Ability activate!
Shooting Flamer!
You are not as fast as you think.
Then I guess it's time to go even faster!
Ready Drago?
Crank it to 11 buddy.
That's the spirit!
Ability activate!
Lumino Hammer!
[roaring]
It doesn't matter how much you think
you're increasing your speed.
From my perspective, it's like you're
standing completely still.
Gah!
What!
Where did he go?
Peek-a-boo
[triumphant laugh]
Who's the slow one now?
[roar]
Battle Gear ability activate!
Explosix Neo!
Engage!
[groaning]
Congratulations Drago!
You have defeated me.
Thank you.
I guess.
I need you both to pay close attention.
Huh?
Dan!
Drago!
The ancient texts don't tell the whole story
of the genesis of the Bakugan.
The first two to be born from the Sacred Orb
were Dragonoid and Dharaknoid.
Whoa!
Nurzak talked about them.
The rest of the Bakugan species
were born of the DNA sequences that each of these dragon
fathers possessed.
However, though all Bakugan share a few strands of DNA
with the original Dragonoid and Dharaknoid,
there are only two who are direct descendants of them
and therefore possess the Ultimate Warrior gene.
Ultimate Warrior?
Yes.
The potential to be the most powerful Bakugan in existence.
But there can only be one.
And neither of the candidates have awoken to their destiny
yet.
Are you saying that Dharak and I are the two
direct descendants and that we possess
the Ultimate Warrior gene?
Now it makes sense.
All the mixed feelings of exhilaration and uneasiness I
had when the Sacred Orb's light was upon me.
And then that strange light that appeared
the last time I battled Dharak.
The pieces are finally starting to fit together.
Drago.
You and Dharak are like the opposite sides
of the same coin.
One representing light and the other darkness.
As such you are the only ones who can defeat each other.
Whoever reigns victorious shall wield
the power of the Sacred Orb and will be free to use it
for good or evil.
If they win, there will be no peace in the universe.
Now that I know my origins, I will
make it my mission to defeat Dharak once and for all.
That fills me with hope.
Are you sure you can pull off such a feat?
Absolutely.
Then it's time that I give you what you've earned.
Whoa!
What's that?
[roaring]
Drago.
Oh snap dude!
It looks like I've evolved again.
From here forward, you will be known as Pyrus Blitz Dragonoid.
That's a bit of a mouthful.
Is it OK if I just call you Drago?
That's Mr. Drago to you.
Yeah.
[alarm blaring]
Status report!
There's been a dimensional anomaly
near the third shield sir.
[all gasp]
The Gundalians!
Put it on the screen!
I see something,
It's Dragonoid Colossus!
Hey!
And Dan!
Look!
[roaring]
What's up guys?
What do you mean?
You tell us.
Where did you guys disappear too?
Yeah, why does Drago look like he's evolved again, huh?
But first, tell us how you wound up riding--
Huh?
Master Nurzak!
Mason!
Did you miss us, Ren?
I thought you were goners.
You better explain why you have Gundalians with you.
I found these guys trapped between dimensions.
I know we've had our differences in the past and all that,
but I couldn't just leave them there.
That'd be way too harsh.
How do you know we can trust them?
Because it was Barodius who sent
them there in the first place.
Please believe me when I say that there
is no loyalty in my heart for Emperor Barodius.
He is a power-crazed dictator who must be stopped.
I tried before, but I was betrayed by Kazarina.
And that is why he banished me.
[roaring]
I have always feared and respected
the power of the Sacred Orb.
Unlike Barodius, I have no desire to possess it.
That is why, Princess, if you allow me,
I will fight by your side to defeat my former master
and protect the Sacred Orb with my life.
And we'll fight too.
Won't we Mason?
Well it's not exactly like I can go back there,
not after they've already tried to get rid of me once.
For now, I'm prepared to give you the benefit of the doubt.
But I'll be watching the both of you.
Whatever you say.
Hey, do you think you can go a day without acting
like a smart aleck?
Can you go a day without nagging?
I guess that's a no then.
NURZAK: I promise that the kindness
and forgiveness you have shown us,
Princess, will not be forgotten.
Actions speak louder than words.
Then how about we quit all this talking and get a move on,
huh guys?
Get a move on to where Dan?
After what you just went through,
don't you want a breather?
A breather, are you nuts?
We got to go to Gundalia to grab Jake!
[all gasp]
But how Dan?
[grunt]
Dragonoid Colossus has more than enough
strength to get us there.
Hop on everyone.
Awesome!
Yeah!
Best road trip ever!
Hah!
Hold on everyone!
Next stop Gundalia.
[upbeat music]
Stay strong Jake.
We're coming for you pal!
[roaring]
I hope you know what you're doing Brawlers.
May the Sacred Orb protect you.
DAN: Thanks to Dragonoid Colossus and his massive power,
we finally found a way to Gundalia.
All we had to do was find Jake, and then scoop him up
and head back to Neathia.
Then Ren changed the plan.
I guess there were a bunch of his former teammates
who needed to be rescued from Kazarina's lab.
Sure it made the mission way more dangerous,
but no one deserves to be stuck in her house of horrors.
The only tricky part was actually finding the lab.
You've got to tune in to see where our search landed us.
We've seen some heavy battle action before,
but we've never had Dragonoid Colossus on our team.
This is going to be seismic!
[theme music]